---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue Data Source - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue retrieves an SQS queue in a Duplo tenant.
---

# duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue (Data Source)

`duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue` retrieves an SQS queue in a Duplo tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue" "myqueue" {
  tenant_id = "your-tenant-id"
  name      = "myqueue"
}

output "queue_arn" {
  value = data.duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue.myqueue.arn
}

output "queue_url" {
  value = data.duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue.myqueue.url
}
```

### FIFO Queue Example

```terraform
data "duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue" "myfifoqueue" {
  tenant_id = "your-tenant-id"
  name      = "myfifoqueue.fifo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The short name of the SQS queue.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the SQS queue resides in.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the SQS queue.
- `content_based_deduplication` (Boolean) Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues.
- `dead_letter_queue_configuration` (List of Object) SQS dead letter queue configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dead_letter_queue_configuration))
- `deduplication_scope` (String) Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level.
- `delay_seconds` (Number) Postpone the delivery of new messages to consumers for a number of seconds.
- `fifo_queue` (Boolean) Boolean designating a FIFO queue.
- `fifo_throughput_limit` (String) Specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group.
- `fullname` (String) The full name of the SQS queue.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message_retention_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message.
- `receive_wait_time_seconds` (Number) The time for which a ReceiveMessage call will wait for a message to arrive.
- `url` (String) The URL for the SQS queue.
- `visibility_timeout_seconds` (Number) The visibility timeout for the queue.

<a id="nestedatt--dead_letter_queue_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dead_letter_queue_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `max_message_receive_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of processing attempts before moving to the dead letter queue.
- `target_sqs_dlq_name` (String) Name of the SQS queue meant to be the target dead letter queue.
