---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account Data Source - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account manages a azure cosmos db account in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account (Data Source)

`duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account` manages a azure cosmos db account in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account" "account" {
  tenant_id = "tenant id"
  name      = "cosmos db account name"

}

output "out" {
  value = {
    kind                                    = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.kind
    name                                    = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.name
    locations                               = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.locations
    type                                    = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.type
    consistency_policy                      = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.consistency_policy
    public_network_access                   = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.public_network_access
    disable_key_based_metadata_write_access = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.disable_key_based_metadata_write_access
    backup_policy                           = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.backup_policy
    enable_free_tier                        = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.enable_free_tier
    capabilities                            = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.capabilities
    capacity_mode                           = data.duplocloud_azure_cosmos_db_account.account.capacity_mode
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for availability set
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the host will be created in.

### Read-Only

- `backup_policy` (List of Object) Backup policy for cosmos db account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_policy))
- `capabilities` (List of Object) Name of the Cosmos DB capability (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capabilities))
- `capacity_mode` (String)
- `consistency_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consistency_policy))
- `disable_key_based_metadata_write_access` (Boolean) Disable write operations on metadata resources (databases, containers, throughput) via account keys
- `enable_free_tier` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether Free Tier is enabled.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint used to connect to the CosmosDB account.
- `geo_location` (List of Object) Specifies a geo_location resource, used to define where data should be replicated with the failover_priority 0 specifying the primary location (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo_location))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_virtual_network_filter_enabled` (Boolean) Enables virtual network filtering for this Cosmos DB account.
- `kind` (String) Indicates the type of database account. This can only be set at database account creation. 
 Allowed Account Kind : GlobalDocumentDB, MongoDB, Parse
- `locations` (String) An array that contains the georeplication locations enabled for the Cosmos DB account.
- `primary_master_key` (String, Sensitive) The primary key for the CosmosDB account.
- `primary_mongo_connection_string` (String) The primary MongoDB connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `primary_readonly_master_key` (String, Sensitive) The primary readonly key for the CosmosDB account.
- `primary_readonly_mongo_connection_string` (String) The primary readonly MongoDB connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `primary_readonly_sql_connection_string` (String) The primary readonly SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `primary_sql_connection_string` (String) The primary SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `public_network_access` (String) Flag to indicate whether to enable/disable public network access.
- `read_endpoints` (List of String) The list of read endpoints for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_master_key` (String, Sensitive) The secondary key for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_mongo_connection_string` (String) The secondary MongoDB connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_readonly_master_key` (String, Sensitive) The secondary readonly key for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_readonly_mongo_connection_string` (String) The secondary readonly MongoDB connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_readonly_sql_connection_string` (String) The secondary readonly SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `secondary_sql_connection_string` (String) The secondary SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.
- `type` (String) Specifies the  Cosmos DB account type.
- `virtual_network_rule` (List of Object) A list of virtual network rules for the Cosmos DB account. This is used to define which subnets are allowed to access this CosmosDB account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_network_rule))
- `write_endpoints` (List of String) The list of write endpoints for the CosmosDB account.

<a id="nestedatt--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_policy`

Read-Only:

- `backup_interval` (Number)
- `backup_retention_interval` (Number)
- `backup_storage_redundancy` (String)
- `continuous_mode_tier` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consistency_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consistency_policy`

Read-Only:

- `default_consistency_level` (String)
- `max_interval_in_seconds` (Number)
- `max_staleness_prefix` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--geo_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo_location`

Read-Only:

- `failover_priority` (Number)
- `is_zone_redundant` (Boolean)
- `location_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--virtual_network_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_network_rule`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_missing_vnet_service_endpoint` (Boolean)
- `subnet_id` (String)
