---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_ecs_service Data Source - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# duplocloud_ecs_service (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the service to create.
- **tenant_id** (String) The GUID of the tenant that the service will be created in.

### Read-Only

- **dns_prfx** (String) The DNS prefix to assign to this service's load balancer.
- **health_check_grace_period_seconds** (Number)
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **is_target_group_only** (Boolean)
- **load_balancer** (List of Object) Zero or more load balancer configurations to associate with this service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancer))
- **old_task_definition_buffer_size** (Number) The number of older task definitions to retain in AWS.
- **replicas** (Number) The number of container replicas to create.
- **target_group_arns** (Set of String)
- **task_definition** (String) The ARN of the task definition to use.
- **wait_until_targets_ready** (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until all target groups are created for ecs service, after creation.

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer`

Read-Only:

- **backend_protocol** (String)
- **backend_protocol_version** (String)
- **certificate_arn** (String)
- **drop_invalid_headers** (Boolean)
- **enable_access_logs** (Boolean)
- **external_port** (Number)
- **health_check_config** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--load_balancer--health_check_config))
- **health_check_url** (String)
- **is_internal** (Boolean)
- **lb_type** (Number)
- **load_balancer_arn** (String)
- **load_balancer_name** (String)
- **port** (String)
- **protocol** (String)
- **replication_controller_name** (String)
- **target_group_count** (Number)
- **webaclid** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--load_balancer--health_check_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer.health_check_config`

Read-Only:

- **grpc_success_code** (String)
- **health_check_interval_seconds** (Number)
- **health_check_timeout_seconds** (Number)
- **healthy_threshold_count** (Number)
- **http_success_code** (String)
- **unhealthy_threshold_count** (Number)


