---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm manages an AWS cloudwatch metric alarm in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm` manages an AWS cloudwatch metric alarm in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "duplo-app" {
  account_name = "duplo-app"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm" "mAlarm" {
  tenant_id           = duplocloud_tenant.duplo-app.tenant_id
  metric_name         = "CPUUtilization"
  comparison_operator = "GreaterThanOrEqualToThreshold"
  evaluation_periods  = 1
  namespace           = "AWS/EC2"
  period              = 300
  threshold           = 80
  statistic           = "Average"
  dimensions = {
    InstanceId = "i-020aaa3cecaded547"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **comparison_operator** (String) The arithmetic operation to use when comparing the specified Statistic and Threshold. The specified Statistic value is used as the first operand. Either of the following is supported: `GreaterThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `GreaterThanThreshold`, `LessThanThreshold`, `LessThanOrEqualToThreshold`
- **evaluation_periods** (Number) The number of periods over which data is compared to the specified threshold.
- **metric_name** (String) The name for the alarm's associated metric.
- **tenant_id** (String) The GUID of the tenant that the cloudwatch metric alarm will be created in.

### Optional

- **dimensions** (Map of String) The dimensions for the alarm's associated metric. For the list of available dimensions see the AWS documentation.
- **namespace** (String) The namespace for the alarm's associated metric.
- **period** (Number) The period in seconds over which the specified `statistic` is applied.
- **statistic** (String) The statistic to apply to the alarm's associated metric. Either of the following is supported: `SampleCount`, `Average`, `Sum`, `Minimum`, `Maximum`
- **threshold** (Number) The value against which the specified statistic is compared. This parameter is required for alarms based on static thresholds, but should not be used for alarms based on anomaly detection models.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **fullname** (String) Duplo will generate name of the metric alarm.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing cloudwatch metric alarm
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *FRIENDLY_NAME* is the hypen separated alarm dimension values and metric name

terraform import duplocloud_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm.myMetricAlarm *TENANT_ID*/*FRIENDLY_NAME*
```
