---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_load_balancer_listener Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_load_balancer_listener manages an AWS application load balancer listener in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_load_balancer_listener (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_load_balancer_listener` manages an AWS application load balancer listener in Duplo.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **load_balancer_name** (String) The short name of the load balancer.  Duplo will add a prefix to the name.  You can retrieve the full name from the `fullname` attribute.
- **port** (Number) Port on which the load balancer is listening.
- **protocol** (String) Protocol for connections from clients to the load balancer.
- **target_group_arn** (String) ARN of the Target Group to which to route traffic.
- **tenant_id** (String) The GUID of the tenant that the load balancer will be created in.

### Optional

- **certificate_arn** (String) The ARN of the certificate to attach to the listener.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) ARN of the listener.
- **certificates** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificates))
- **default_actions** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_actions))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **load_balancer_arn** (String)
- **load_balancer_fullname** (String) The full name of the load balancer.
- **ssl_policy** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates`

Read-Only:

- **arn** (String)
- **is_default** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--default_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_actions`

Read-Only:

- **order** (Number)
- **target_group_arn** (String)
- **type** (String)


