---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch manages an AWS ElasticSearch instance in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch` manages an AWS ElasticSearch instance in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

# Minimal example
resource "duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch" "sample" {
  tenant_id = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name      = "sample"
}

# Example with hardened settings
resource "duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch" "es-doc" {
  tenant_id                      = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name                           = "es-doc"
  enable_node_to_node_encryption = true
  require_ssl                    = true
  use_latest_tls_cipher          = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The short name of the ElasticSearch instance.  Duplo will add a prefix to the name.  You can retrieve the full name from the `domain_name` attribute.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the ElasticSearch instance will be created in.

### Optional

- `cluster_config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_config))
- `elasticsearch_version` (String) The version of the ElasticSearch instance. Defaults to `7.9`.
- `enable_node_to_node_encryption` (Boolean) Whether or not to use the enable node-to-node encryption for this ElasticSearch instance.
- `encrypt_at_rest` (Block List, Max: 1) The storage encryption settings for the ElasticSearch instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--encrypt_at_rest))
- `require_ssl` (Boolean) Whether or not to require SSL for accessing this ElasticSearch instance.
- `selected_zone` (Number) The numerical index of the zone to launch this ElasticSearch instance in.
- `storage_size` (Number) The storage volume size, in GB, for the ElasticSearch instance.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `use_latest_tls_cipher` (Boolean) Whether or not to use the latest TLS cipher for this ElasticSearch instance. For govcloud environments this should be set to true
- `vpc_options` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vpc_options))

### Read-Only

- `access_policies` (String)
- `advanced_options` (Map of String)
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the ElasticSearch instance.
- `domain_id` (String) The domain ID of the ElasticSearch instance.
- `domain_name` (String) The full name of the ElasticSearch instance.
- `ebs_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ebs_options))
- `endpoints` (Map of String) The endpoints to use when connecting to the ElasticSearch instance.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `snapshot_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_options))

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config`

Optional:

- `cold_storage_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_config--cold_storage_options))
- `dedicated_master_count` (Number) Defaults to `0`.
- `dedicated_master_enabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `dedicated_master_type` (String) Defaults to `t2.small.elasticsearch`.
- `instance_count` (Number) Defaults to `1`.
- `instance_type` (String) Defaults to `t2.small.elasticsearch`.
- `multi_az_with_standby_enabled` (Boolean)
- `warm_count` (Number)
- `warm_enabled` (Boolean)
- `warm_type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_config--cold_storage_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.cold_storage_options`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedblock--encrypt_at_rest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encrypt_at_rest`

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String) The ID of a KMS key to use with the ElasticSearch instance.
- `kms_key_name` (String) The name of a KMS key to use with the ElasticSearch instance.

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--vpc_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_options`

Optional:

- `subnet_ids` (List of String)

Read-Only:

- `availability_zones` (List of String)
- `security_group_ids` (List of String)
- `vpc_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ebs_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ebs_options`

Read-Only:

- `ebs_enabled` (Boolean)
- `iops` (Number)
- `volume_size` (Number)
- `volume_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_options`

Read-Only:

- `automated_snapshot_start_hour` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS ElasticSearch cluster
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the AWS ElasticSearch cluster
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_elasticsearch.mycluster *TENANT_ID*/*SHORT_NAME*
```
