---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_load_balancer Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_load_balancer manages an AWS application load balancer in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_load_balancer (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_load_balancer` manages an AWS application load balancer in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_load_balancer" "myapp" {
  tenant_id            = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name                 = "myapp"
  is_internal          = true
  enable_access_logs   = true
  drop_invalid_headers = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The short name of the load balancer.  Duplo will add a prefix to the name.  You can retrieve the full name from the `fullname` attribute.
- **tenant_id** (String) The GUID of the tenant that the load balancer will be created in.

### Optional

- **drop_invalid_headers** (Boolean) Whether or not the load balancer should drop invalid HTTP headers. Only valid for Load Balancers of type `Application`
- **enable_access_logs** (Boolean) Whether or not access logs should be enabled.
- **idle_timeout** (Number) The time in seconds that the connection is allowed to be idle. Only valid for Load Balancers of type `application`.
- **is_internal** (Boolean) Whether or not the load balancer is internal (non internet-facing).
- **load_balancer_type** (String) The type of load balancer to create. Possible values are `Application` or `Network`. Defaults to `Application`.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- **web_acl_id** (String) The ARN of a WAF to attach to the load balancer.

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) The ARN of the load balancer.
- **dns_name** (String) The DNS name of the load balancer.
- **fullname** (String) The full name of the load balancer.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **tags** (List of Object) The tags assigned to this load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String)
- **value** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS load balancer
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the AWS load balancer
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_load_balancer.myalb *TENANT_ID*/*SHORT_NAME*
```
