---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue manages a SQS queue in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue` manages a SQS queue in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue" "sqs_queue" {
  tenant_id                   = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name                        = "duplo_queue"
  fifo_queue                  = true
  message_retention_seconds   = 345600
  visibility_timeout_seconds  = 30
  content_based_deduplication = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the queue. Queue names must be made up of only uppercase and lowercase ASCII letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens, and must be between 1 and 80 characters long.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the SQS queue will be created in.

### Optional

- `content_based_deduplication` (Boolean) Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues.
- `deduplication_scope` (String) Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level. Valid values are `messageGroup` and `queue`.
- `fifo_queue` (Boolean) Boolean designating a FIFO queue. If not set, it defaults to `false` making it standard.
- `fifo_throughput_limit` (String) Specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group. Valid values are `perQueue` (default) and `perMessageGroupId`.
- `message_retention_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message. Integer representing seconds, from 60 (1 minute) to 1209600 (14 days).
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `visibility_timeout_seconds` (Number) The visibility timeout for the queue. An integer from 0 to 43200 (12 hours).

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the SQS queue.
- `fullname` (String) The full name of the SQS queue.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `url` (String) The URL for the created Amazon SQS queue.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS SQS Queue
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *URL* The URL for the created Amazon SQS queue.
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_sqs_queue.sqs_queue *TENANT_ID*/*URL*
```
