---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2 manages an AWS dynamodb table in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2 (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2` manages an AWS dynamodb table in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2" "tst-dynamodb-table" {

  tenant_id      = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name           = "tst-dynamodb-table"
  read_capacity  = 10
  write_capacity = 10
  #billing_mode = "PAY_PER_REQUEST"
  tag {
    key   = "CreatedBy"
    value = "Duplo"
  }

  tag {
    key   = "CreatedFrom"
    value = "Duplo"
  }

  attribute {
    name = "UserId"
    type = "S"
  }

  attribute {
    name = "GameTitle"
    type = "S"
  }

  attribute {
    name = "TopScore"
    type = "N"
  }

  key_schema {
    attribute_name = "UserId"
    key_type       = "HASH"
  }

  key_schema {
    attribute_name = "GameTitle"
    key_type       = "RANGE"
  }

  global_secondary_index {
    name               = "GameTitleIndex"
    hash_key           = "GameTitle"
    range_key          = "TopScore"
    write_capacity     = 10
    read_capacity      = 10
    projection_type    = "INCLUDE"
    non_key_attributes = ["UserId"]
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the table, this needs to be unique within a region.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the dynamodb table will be created in.

### Optional

- `attribute` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attribute))
- `billing_mode` (String) Controls how you are charged for read and write throughput and how you manage capacity. The valid values are `PROVISIONED` and `PAY_PER_REQUEST`. Defaults to `PROVISIONED`.
- `global_secondary_index` (Block Set) Describe a GSI for the table; subject to the normal limits on the number of GSIs, projected attributes, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--global_secondary_index))
- `key_schema` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_schema))
- `local_secondary_index` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_secondary_index))
- `read_capacity` (Number) The number of read units for this table. If the `billing_mode` is `PROVISIONED`, this field is required.
- `server_side_encryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Encryption at rest options. AWS DynamoDB tables are automatically encrypted at rest with an AWS owned Customer Master Key if this argument isn't specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_side_encryption))
- `stream_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Streams are to be enabled (true) or disabled (false).
- `stream_view_type` (String) When an item in the table is modified, StreamViewType determines what information is written to the table's stream. Valid values are `KEYS_ONLY`, `NEW_IMAGE`, `OLD_IMAGE`, `NEW_AND_OLD_IMAGES`.
- `tag` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_until_ready` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until dynamodb instance to be ready, after creation. Defaults to `true`.
- `write_capacity` (Number) The number of write units for this table. If the `billing_mode` is `PROVISIONED`, this field is required.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the dynamodb table.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the dynamodb table.
- `stream_arn` (String)
- `stream_label` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute
- `type` (String) Attribute type, which must be a scalar type: `S`, `N`, or `B` for (S)tring, (N)umber or (B)inary data


<a id="nestedblock--global_secondary_index"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_secondary_index`

Required:

- `hash_key` (String) The name of the hash key in the index; must be defined as an attribute in the resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the index.
- `projection_type` (String) One of `ALL`, `INCLUDE` or `KEYS_ONLY` where `ALL` projects every attribute into the index, `KEYS_ONLY` projects just the hash and range key into the index, and `INCLUDE` projects only the keys specified in the `non_key_attributes` parameter.

Optional:

- `non_key_attributes` (Set of String) Only required with `INCLUDE` as a projection type; a list of attributes to project into the index. These do not need to be defined as attributes on the table.
- `range_key` (String) The name of the range key; must be defined.
- `read_capacity` (Number) The number of read units for this index. Must be set if `billing_mode` is set to `PROVISIONED`.
- `write_capacity` (Number) The number of write units for this index. Must be set if `billing_mode` is set to `PROVISIONED`.


<a id="nestedblock--key_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_schema`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The name of the attribute
- `key_type` (String) Applicable key types are `HASH` or `RANGE`.


<a id="nestedblock--local_secondary_index"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_secondary_index`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the index.
- `projection_type` (String) One of `ALL`, `INCLUDE` or `KEYS_ONLY` where `ALL` projects every attribute into the index, `KEYS_ONLY` projects just the hash and range key into the index, and `INCLUDE` projects only the keys specified in the `non_key_attributes` parameter.
- `range_key` (String) The name of the range key; must be defined.

Optional:

- `non_key_attributes` (List of String) Only required with `INCLUDE` as a projection type; a list of attributes to project into the index. These do not need to be defined as attributes on the table.


<a id="nestedblock--server_side_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_side_encryption`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable encryption at rest using an AWS managed KMS customer master key (CMK).

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the CMK that should be used for the AWS KMS encryption.


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS DynamoDb Table
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *NAME* is the name of dynamodb table
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_dynamodb_table_v2.myDynamodbTable *TENANT_ID*/*NAME*
```
