---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) File System resource in DuploCloud.
---

# duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system` Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) File System resource in DuploCloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system" "efs" {
  tenant_id        = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name             = "efs-test"
  performance_mode = "generalPurpose"
  throughput_mode  = "bursting"
  backup           = false
  encrypted        = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the EFS, this needs to be unique within a region.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the efs file system will be created in.

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Specifies whether automatic backups are enabled on the file system that you are creating.
- `creation_token` (String) A unique name (a maximum of 64 characters are allowed) used as reference when creating the Elastic File System to ensure idempotent file system creation.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) If true, the disk will be encrypted.
- `lifecycle_policy` (Block List, Max: 3) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--lifecycle_policy))
- `performance_mode` (String) The file system performance mode. Can be either `generalPurpose` or `maxIO`. Defaults to `generalPurpose`.
- `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps` (Number) The throughput, measured in MiB/s, that you want to provision for the file system. Only applicable with `throughput_mode` set to `provisioned`.
- `tag` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))
- `throughput_mode` (String) Throughput mode for the file system. When using `provisioned`, also set `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps`. Defaults to `bursting`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_until_ready` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until EFS to be available, after creation. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `file_system_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of the file system.
- `file_system_id` (String) The ID that identifies the file system.
- `fullname` (String) Duplo generated name of the EFS.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `number_of_mount_targets` (Number) The current number of mount targets that the file system has.
- `owner_id` (String) The AWS account that created the file system.
- `size_in_bytes` (Number) The latest known metered size (in bytes) of data stored in the file system.

<a id="nestedblock--lifecycle_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_policy`

Optional:

- `transition_to_archive` (String) Indicates how long it takes to transition files to the archive storage class. Requires transition_to_ia, Elastic Throughput and General Purpose performance mode. Valid values: `AFTER_1_DAY`, `AFTER_7_DAYS`, `AFTER_14_DAYS`, `AFTER_30_DAYS`, `AFTER_60_DAYS`, or `AFTER_90_DAYS`
- `transition_to_ia` (String) Indicates how long it takes to transition files to the IA storage class. Valid values: `AFTER_1_DAY`, `AFTER_7_DAYS`, `AFTER_14_DAYS`, `AFTER_30_DAYS`, `AFTER_60_DAYS`, or `AFTER_90_DAYS`
- `transition_to_primary_storage_class` (String) Describes the policy used to transition a file from infequent access storage to primary storage. Valid values: `AFTER_1_ACCESS`


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS EFS
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *EFS_ID* is the AWS EFS ID
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_efs_file_system.efs *TENANT_ID*/*EFS_ID*
```
