---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster manages an AWS MSK cluster in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster (Resource)

`duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster` manages an AWS MSK cluster in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster" "mycluster" {
  tenant_id     = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name          = "mycluster"
  kafka_version = "3.5.1"
  instance_type = "kafka.m5.large"
  storage_size  = 20
}


resource "duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster" "serverless" {
  tenant_id     = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name          = "serverlesscluster"
  is_serverless = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The short name of the Kafka cluster.  Duplo will add a prefix to the name.  You can retrieve the full name from the `fullname` attribute.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the Kafka cluster will be created in.

### Optional

- `configuration_arn` (String) An ARN of a Kafka configuration to apply to the cluster.
- `configuration_revision` (Number) An revision of a Kafka configuration to apply to the cluster.
- `encryption_in_transit` (String) Encryption setting for data in transit between clients and brokers. Valid values: `TLS`, `TLS_PLAINTEXT`, and `PLAINTEXT`
- `instance_type` (String) The Kafka node instance type to use.
See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/msk-create-cluster.html) for more information.
- `is_serverless` (Boolean) Enable to make the cluster serverless.  When enabled, the `instance_type`, `storage_size`, `kafka_version`, `configuration_arn`, `configuration_revision`, and `encryption_in_transit` parameters are not applicable. Defaults to `false`.
- `kafka_version` (String) The version of the Kafka cluster.
- `storage_size` (Number) The size of the Kafka storage, in gigabytes.
- `subnets` (List of String) The list of subnets that the cluster will be launched in.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Kafka cluster.
- `az_distribution` (String) The availability zone distribution used by the cluster.
- `current_version` (String)
- `fullname` (String) The full name of the Kakfa cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `number_of_broker_nodes` (Number) The desired total number of broker nodes in the kafka cluster.
- `plaintext_bootstrap_broker_string` (String) The bootstrap broker connect string for plaintext (unencrypted) connections.
- `plaintext_zookeeper_connect_string` (String) The Zookeeper connect string for plaintext (unencrypted) connections.
- `security_groups` (List of String) The list of security groups used by the cluster.
- `state` (String) The current state of the cluster.
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `tls_bootstrap_broker_string` (String) The bootstrap broker connect string for TLS (encrypted) connections.
- `tls_zookeeper_connect_string` (String) The Zookeeper connect string for TLS (encrypted) connections.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS Kafka cluster
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the AWS Kafka cluster
#
terraform import duplocloud_aws_kafka_cluster.mycluster *TENANT_ID*/*SHORT_NAME*
```
