---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_azure_postgresql_flexible_database Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_azure_postgresql_flexible_database manages an azure postgresql flexible  database in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_azure_postgresql_flexible_database (Resource)

`duplocloud_azure_postgresql_flexible_database` manages an azure postgresql flexible  database in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}


resource "duplocloud_azure_postgresql_flexible_database" "db" {
  tenant_id                    = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name                         = "psqlflex"
  service_tier                 = "Burstable"
  hardware                     = "Standard_B2ms"
  high_availability            = "Disabled"
  storage_gb                   = 64
  version                      = "16"
  subnet                       = "subnet"
  administrator_login          = "tftry"
  administrator_login_password = "trynew#1"
  backup_retention_days        = 7
  geo_redundant_backup         = "Enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `administrator_login` (String) The Administrator Login for the PostgreSQL Server.
- `administrator_login_password` (String, Sensitive) The Password associated with the `administrator_login` for the PostgreSQL Server.
- `hardware` (String) Specify compute based on service tier by prepending Standard_ keyword from following document https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/pricing/details/postgresql/flexible-server
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the PostgreSQL Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This needs to be globally unique within Azure.
- `service_tier` (String) Specify service_tier among `Burstable`, `GeneralPurpose` or `MemoryOptimized`. Note: should disable high_availability before updating to Burstable
- `subnet` (String)
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the azure postgresql database will be created in.
- `version` (String) Specifies the version of PostgreSQL Flexible DB to use. Valid values are `16`,`15`,`14`,`13`,`12`,`11`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `backup_retention_days` (Number) Backup retention days for the server, supported values are between `7` and `35` days. Note: Updation allowed on updating with higher retention days value from current
- `geo_redundant_backup` (String) Turn Geo-redundant server backups Enabled/Disabled. To enable or disable geo_redundant_backup resource need to be recreated
- `high_availability` (String) High availability options— Disabled, SameZone, and ZoneRedundant — are applicable if the service tier is set to GeneralPurpose or MemoryOptimized. Defaults to `Disabled`.
- `storage_gb` (Number) Max storage allowed for a server. Possible values are `32`,`64`,`128`,`256`,`512`,`1024`,`2048`,`4096`,`8192`,`16384`,`32768` GB. Note: Updation allowed on updating with higher storage size from current
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_until_ready` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until PostgreSQL Server instance to be ready, after creation. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `location` (String)
- `tags` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing Azure PostgreSQL Database
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the Azure PostgreSQL Database
#
terraform import duplocloud_azure_postgresql_database.myPostgreSQLDatabase *TENANT_ID*/*SHORT_NAME*
```
