---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine manages an Azure virtual machine in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine (Resource)

`duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine` manages an Azure virtual machine in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine" "az_vm" {
  tenant_id     = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  friendly_name = "test-vm"

  image_id       = "16.04-LTS;Canonical;UbuntuServer"
  capacity       = "Standard_D2s_v3"
  agent_platform = 0 # Duplo native container agent

  admin_username = "azureuser"
  admin_password = "Root!12345"
  disk_size_gb   = 50
  subnet_id      = "duploinfra-default"

  minion_tags {
    key   = "AllocationTags"
    value = "test-host"
  }

  tags {
    key   = "CreatedBy"
    value = "duplo"
  }

  tags {
    key   = "Owner"
    value = "duplo"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_username` (String) Specifies the name of the local administrator account.
- `capacity` (String) Specifies the [size of the Virtual Machine](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-general). See also [Azure VM Naming Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/vm-naming-conventions).
- `friendly_name` (String) The short name of the host.
- `image_id` (String) The Image ID to use to create virtual machine. Provide id as semicolon separated string with sequence of sku, publisher and offer. For example, 16.04-LTS;Canonical;UbuntuServe
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID which should be associated with the Virtual Machine.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the host will be created in.

### Optional

- `ad_domain_type` (String) Specify domain service provided by Microsoft Azure for managing identities and access in the cloud. Valid values are `aadjoin` or `addsjoin`.
- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with the local administrator account.
- `agent_platform` (Number) The numeric ID of the container agent pool that this host is added to. Defaults to `0`.
- `allocated_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether or not to allocate a public IP. Defaults to `false`.
- `base64_user_data` (String) Base64 encoded user data to associated with the host.
- `disk_control_type` (String) disk control types refer to the different levels of management and performance control provided for disks attached to virtual machines (VMs)
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Specifies the size of the OS Disk in gigabytes Defaults to `128`.
- `enable_encrypt_at_host` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `enable_log_analytics` (Boolean) Enable log analytics on virtual machine. Defaults to `false`.
- `enable_security_boot` (Boolean) Select to enable Secure Boot for your VM. Used with security_type=TrustedLaunch, default to true Defaults to `true`.
- `enable_vtpm` (Boolean) Select to enable virtual Trusted Platform Module (vTPM) for Azure VM.. Used with security_type=TrustedLaunch, default to true Defaults to `true`.
- `encrypt_disk` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `is_minion` (Boolean) Defaults to `true`.
- `join_domain` (Boolean) Join a Windows Server virtual machine to an Azure Active Directory Domain Services. Defaults to `false`.
- `minion_tags` (Block List) A map of tags to assign to the resource. Example - `AllocationTags` can be passed as tag key with any value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--minion_tags))
- `os_disk_type` (String) Specifies the type of managed disk to create. Possible values are either `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS` or `UltraSSD_LRS`.
- `security_type` (String) Select "Standard" or "Trusted Launch" security type. Defaults to "Standard".
			Use Trusted Launch for the security of "Generation 2" virtual machines (VMs). [Supported Sizes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/trusted-launch#virtual-machines-sizes)
			 Defaults to `Standard`.
- `tags` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `timezone` (String) Specifies the time zone of the virtual machine, [the possible values are defined here](https://jackstromberg.com/2017/01/list-of-time-zones-consumed-by-azure/).
- `volume` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--volume))
- `wait_until_ready` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until azure virtual machine to be ready, after creation. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `fullname` (String) The full name of the host.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_id` (String) The Azure Virtual Machine ID of the host.
- `status` (String) The current status of the host.
- `user_account` (String) The name of the tenant that the host will be created in.

<a id="nestedblock--minion_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `minion_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume`

Optional:

- `iops` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `volume_id` (String)
- `volume_type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing Azure Virtual Machine
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the Azure Virtual Machine
#
terraform import duplocloud_azure_virtual_machine.myvm *TENANT_ID*/*SHORT_NAME*
```
