---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_ecache_instance Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_ecache_instance manages an ElastiCache instance in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_ecache_instance (Resource)

`duplocloud_ecache_instance` manages an ElastiCache instance in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_ecache_instance" "mycache" {
  tenant_id  = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name       = "mycache"
  cache_type = 0 // Redis
  replicas   = 1
  size       = "cache.t2.small"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The short name of the elasticache instance.  Duplo will add a prefix to the name.  You can retrieve the full name from the `identifier` attribute.
- **size** (String) The instance type of the elasticache instance.
See AWS documentation for the [available instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html).
- **tenant_id** (String) The GUID of the tenant that the elasticache instance will be created in.

### Optional

- **auth_token** (String) Set a password for authenticating to the ElastiCache instance.  Only supported if `encryption_in_transit` is to to `true`.

See AWS documentation for the [required format](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/auth.html) of this field.
- **cache_type** (Number) The numerical index of elasticache instance type.
Should be one of:

   - `0` : Redis
   - `1` : Memcache

 Defaults to `0`.
- **encryption_at_rest** (Boolean) Enables encryption-at-rest. Defaults to `false`.
- **encryption_in_transit** (Boolean) Enables encryption-in-transit. Defaults to `false`.
- **engine_version** (String) The engine version of the elastic instance.
See AWS documentation for the [available Redis instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/supported-engine-versions.html) or the [available Memcached instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/mem-ug/supported-engine-versions-mc.html).
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **kms_key_id** (String) The globally unique identifier for the key.
- **parameter_group_name** (String) The REDIS parameter group to supply.
- **replicas** (Number) The number of replicas to create. Defaults to `1`.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) The ARN of the elasticache instance.
- **endpoint** (String) The endpoint of the elasticache instance.
- **host** (String) The DNS hostname of the elasticache instance.
- **identifier** (String) The full name of the elasticache instance.
- **instance_status** (String) The status of the elasticache instance.
- **port** (Number) The listening port of the elasticache instance.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)
- **update** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing AWS ElastiCache cluster
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *SHORT_NAME* is the short name of the AWS ElastiCache cluster
#
terraform import duplocloud_ecache_instance.mycluster v2/subscriptions/*TENANT_ID*/ECacheDBInstance/*SHORT_NAME*
```
