---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_ecs_service Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_ecs_service manages a Amazon ECS service in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_ecs_service (Resource)

`duplocloud_ecs_service` manages a Amazon ECS service in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}

resource "duplocloud_ecs_task_definition" "myservice" {
  # ... see the documentation for the ECS task definition resource ...
}


# Deploy NGINX using ECS
resource "duplocloud_ecs_service" "myservice" {
  tenant_id       = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name            = "myecsservice"
  task_definition = duplocloud_ecs_task_definition.myservice.arn
  replicas        = 2
  load_balancer {
    lb_type              = 1
    port                 = "8080"
    external_port        = 80
    protocol             = "HTTP"
    enable_access_logs   = false
    drop_invalid_headers = true
    health_check_url     = "https://example.healthcheckurl.com/healthcheck"
    target_group_count   = 1
  }
}

# Example to create ecs service having asg as capacity_provider, for asg created with agent platform ecs
resource "duplocloud_ecs_service" "myservice" {
  tenant_id       = duplocloud_tenant.myapp.tenant_id
  name            = "myservice"
  task_definition = duplocloud_ecs_task_definition.myservice.arn
  replicas        = 1
  capacity_provider_strategy {
    base              = 0
    weight            = 1
    capacity_provider = "<asg-fullname>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service to create.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of container replicas to create.
- `task_definition` (String) The ARN of the task definition to use.
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant that the service will be created in.

### Optional

- `capacity_provider_strategy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--capacity_provider_strategy))
- `dns_prfx` (String) The DNS prefix to assign to this service's load balancer.
- `health_check_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Defaults to `0`.
- `is_target_group_only` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `load_balancer` (Block List) Zero or more load balancer configurations to associate with this service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load_balancer))
- `old_task_definition_buffer_size` (Number) The number of older task definitions to retain in AWS. Defaults to `10`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_until_targets_ready` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until all target groups are created for ecs service, after creation. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `index` (Number) The index of the ecs service.
- `target_group_arns` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedblock--capacity_provider_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_provider_strategy`

Required:

- `capacity_provider` (String) Name of the capacity provider.

Optional:

- `base` (Number) The number of tasks, at a minimum, to run on the specified capacity provider.
- `weight` (Number) The relative percentage of the total number of launched tasks that should use the specified capacity provider.


<a id="nestedblock--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer`

Required:

- `external_port` (Number) The frontend port associated with this load balancer configuration.
- `lb_type` (Number) The numerical index of the type of load balancer configuration to create.
Should be one of:

   - `0` : ELB (Classic Load Balancer)
   - `1` : ALB (Application Load Balancer)
   - `2` : Health-check Only (No Load Balancer)
- `port` (String) The backend port associated with this load balancer configuration.
- `protocol` (String) The frontend protocol associated with this load balancer configuration.
- `target_group_count` (Number) Number of Load Balancer target group to associate with the service.

Optional:

- `backend_protocol` (String, Deprecated) The backend protocol associated with this load balancer configuration. Use 'backend_protocol_version' instead.
- `backend_protocol_version` (String) The backend protocol version associated with this load balancer configuration.
- `certificate_arn` (String) The ARN of an ACM certificate to associate with this load balancer.  Only applicable for HTTPS.
- `drop_invalid_headers` (Boolean) Whether or not to drop invalid HTTP headers received by the load balancer.
- `enable_access_logs` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable access logs.  When enabled, Duplo will send access logs to a centralized S3 bucket per plan
- `health_check_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Health check configuration for this load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--load_balancer--health_check_config))
- `health_check_url` (String) The health check URL to associate with this load balancer configuration.
- `http_to_https_redirect` (Boolean) Whether or not the load balancer should redirect HTTP to HTTPS.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) The time in seconds that the connection is allowed to be idle. Only valid for Load Balancers of type `application`.
- `is_internal` (Boolean) Whether or not to create an internal load balancer. Defaults to `false`.
- `webaclid` (String) The ARN of a web application firewall to associate this load balancer.

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number) The load balancer Index.
- `load_balancer_arn` (String) The load balancer ARN.
- `load_balancer_name` (String) The load balancer name.
- `replication_controller_name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--load_balancer--health_check_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer.health_check_config`

Optional:

- `grpc_success_code` (String)
- `health_check_interval_seconds` (Number)
- `health_check_timeout_seconds` (Number)
- `healthy_threshold_count` (Number)
- `http_success_code` (String)
- `unhealthy_threshold_count` (Number)



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Example: Importing an existing service
#  - *TENANT_ID* is the tenant GUID
#  - *NAME* is the short name of the service
#
terraform import duplocloud_ecs_service.myservice v2/subscriptions/*TENANT_ID*/EcsServiceApiV2/*NAME*
```
