---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_gcp_cloud_queue_task Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_gcp_cloud_queue_task manages a GCP cloud task for respective queue in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_gcp_cloud_queue_task (Resource)

`duplocloud_gcp_cloud_queue_task` manages a GCP cloud task for respective queue in Duplo.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the cloud tasks queue
- `queue_name` (String) The name of the cloud tasks queue
- `tenant_id` (String) The GUID of the tenant through which the gcp cloud tasks queue will be registered.

### Optional

- `app_engine` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies an HTTPS trigger for the cloud function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_engine))
- `http_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies an HTTPS trigger for the cloud function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_target))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fullname` (String) The full name of the cloud function.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--app_engine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_engine`

Required:

- `body` (String) The body of the HTTP request. This field is optional and can be used to send additional data in the request should be base64 encoded.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of HTTP headers to include in the request. Each key is a header name, and each value is the corresponding header value.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the request. Must be one of: `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`.
- `relative_uri` (String) Specify the relative URL path to which the HTTP request will be sent when the Cloud Tasks queue triggers the App Engine target.


<a id="nestedblock--http_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_target`

Required:

- `headers` (Map of String) A map of HTTP headers to include in the request. Each key is a header name, and each value is the corresponding header value.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the request. Must be one of: `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `PATCH`, `HEAD`.
- `url` (String) Specify the endpoint URL to which the HTTP request will be sent when the Cloud Tasks queue triggers the HTTP target.

Optional:

- `body` (String) The body of the HTTP request. This field is required and must be base64 string.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
