---

# Resource: duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint



`duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint` manages a VPC endpoint for a DuploCloud infrastructure.


## Example Usage

### Add an S3 Gateway VPC endpoint to an infrastructure

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint" "s3" {
  infra_name        = "nonprod"
  service_name      = "com.amazonaws.us-west-2.s3"
  vpc_endpoint_type = "Gateway"
}
```

### Add an Interface VPC endpoint for MSK (Kafka)

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint" "kafka" {
  infra_name        = "nonprod"
  service_name      = "com.amazonaws.us-west-2.kafka"
  vpc_endpoint_type = "Interface"
}
```

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```
# terraform import duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint.<resource_name> <infra_name>/<vpc_endpoint_id>
terraform import duplocloud_infrastructure_vpc_endpoint.s3 nonprod/vpce-0123456789abcdef0
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `infra_name` (String) The name of the infrastructure.
- `service_name` (String) The AWS service name for the VPC endpoint (e.g. `com.amazonaws.us-west-2.s3`).

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vpc_endpoint_type` (String) The type of VPC endpoint. Must be one of `Interface` or `Gateway`. Defaults to `Interface`.

### Read-Only

- `dns_entries` (List of Object) The DNS entries for the VPC endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_entries))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) The network interface IDs associated with the VPC endpoint.
- `private_dns_enabled` (Boolean) Whether private DNS is enabled for the VPC endpoint.
- `route_table_ids` (List of String) The route table IDs associated with the VPC endpoint.
- `security_groups` (List of Object) The security groups associated with the VPC endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `state` (String) The state of the VPC endpoint (e.g. `available`, `pending`).
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The subnet IDs associated with the VPC endpoint.
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the VPC endpoint.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--dns_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_entries`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String)
- `hosted_zone_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String)
- `group_name` (String)
