---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "duplocloud_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-duplocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  duplocloud_tenant manages a tenant in Duplo.
---

# duplocloud_tenant (Resource)

`duplocloud_tenant` manages a tenant in Duplo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "duplocloud_tenant" "myapp" {
  account_name = "myapp"
  plan_id      = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **account_name** (String) The name of the tenant. Tenant names are globally unique, and cannot be a prefix of any other tenant name.
- **plan_id** (String) The name of the plan under which the tenant will be created.

### Optional

- **allow_deletion** (Boolean) Whether or not to even try and delete the tenant. *NOTE: This only works if you have disabled deletion protection for the tenant.* Defaults to `false`.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- **wait_until_created** (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until Duplo has created the tenant. Defaults to `true`.
- **wait_until_deleted** (Boolean) Whether or not to wait until Duplo has destroyed the tenant. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- **infra_owner** (String)
- **policy** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy))
- **tags** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- **tenant_id** (String) A GUID identifying the tenant. This is automatically generated by Duplo.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)
- **update** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Read-Only:

- **allow_volume_mapping** (Boolean)
- **block_external_ep** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String)
- **value** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import duplocloud_tenant.myapp v2/admin/TenantV2/*TENANT_ID*
```
